Complete the following tasks:

1.Choose one of the user stories from the list below and develop a full-stack solution  ---------

 a) As a customer of dvdrental I would like to have a web page so I can view the films I have rented in the last 12 months.
 b) As a store manager at dvdrental I would like to have a web page so I can view the films that have not been returned and the customer who rented the film.
 c) As the owner of dvdrental I would like to have a web page so I can view the top ten rental films by rental dollars earned for a particular store.

2. Identify the dvdrental database tables required to fullfil the data requirements of your chosen story.----------

3. Create a SQL SELECT statement with the required table JOINS to bring all the required data fields together in one SELECT statement.-------

4. Create a view using the working SQL statement. Test your view with a SELECT * FROM [view_name]  --------

5. Create a QAP3 project folder to disk for storing all the related project files. Be sure to create folders to organize all your files into well-organized modular code.----------

6. Save all SQL queries to disk file(s) into a folder dedicated to SQL.-----------

7. Using NPM packages to build a simple RESTful API and web application in Node.js using the EJS view engine,
   the Express middleware, and the PostgreSQL pg packages.
   Note: This REST API needs only to GET /SELECT data from your database. Required packages include pg, express, and ejs.-----------

8. Create all node.js and ejs files like the example code created during the lectures.
   One file should implement the routes for the API, another the data access layer (DAL)
   accessing the database view you have created, and other ejs files providing the user interface.---------

9. Execute your Node.js application and test the application via a localhost http request.
   Iterate your development until your website service successfully displays the database view query results to the web page.--------
   
10.	Be sure to save files to the respective QAP3 project folders.---------

